Onboarding ops/3520/redox be gone (#4274)
CDCgov/prime-reportstream: prime-router/docs/playbooks/how-retry-mechanisms-work.md

The Send step is triggered by events placed on the `send` queue either by Batch or by Process, in cases where the Receiving has no `timing` settings.   The Send step then starts a new transaction, which grabs and locks the associated row in the TASK table.

> Send is different because it allows for partial failures.   This is because the Redox transport (deprecated) required us to send one Item at a time, so there could be (and were a lot of) partial failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send is different because it allows for partial failures.   This was because the Redox transport (now removed) required us to send one Item at a time, so there could be (and were a lot of) partial failures.
```
